what is going on guys is this to me here
and today we are doing another pink
slips for Team of the Year again today's
pics of his team of the year alarm 94
right back i just paid 599 k for him I
pretty much just got him on a 59th
minute been just about 20 th e Bo I'm
gonna roll with his team again but no
booster cards and yell i said this his
arm a hundred seventy likes I'm picked
up team of the year dani álvarez and
yeah um that's pretty much everything
with cheap corn shuck all UT coins for
you in the description below use SMA
five or five percent off and yet this is
the guys game attack and let's just go
into the game oh that's a nice little
cheeky silver bronze and gold mix for
syria tomorrow never seen that Remy Remy
one day every 0 lueg fuck Irie man oh
come on man this controller needs to fix
up wait no I can't Remy no no no no no
no no no no why are you letting the
floor that was all food online affluent
keyboarding oh it's going straight to
Remy
hey in five Boom Boom Bang
if so we put alarm CDM a babo and obey
me laptop like usual and just hopefully
you can win that's a beautiful ball hey
Barbra you just played the best ball and
it's free one oh my god that boo was
perfect and you left the keeper standing
Oh baby hang make up for last game eight
make up for that last game now he's got
one back man in the 69th minute as well
come on fuck off check please no man ho
/ lane 2 to within one minute and five
seconds
what
game freakin over yes come on so yeah we
have won this pink slip again tomorrow
if this hits a hundred something that's
our pink slip Team of the Year dani
álvarez i see it unless we don't chief
Quinn's UT quest view is in the
description below discount code estimate
five four five percent off and yeah
follow me into our and back to the
support guys peace